Project README (#362)
ProximaEPFL/proxima: README.md

<img src="docs/screenshots/feed.png" height="500">  <img src="docs/screenshots/post.png" height="500">  <img src="docs/screenshots/map.png" height="500"><br>
<img src="docs/screenshots/challenges.png" height="500">  <img src="docs/screenshots/ranking.png" height="500">  <img src="docs/screenshots/profile.png" height="500">

**Note**: you can also check out the video presentation of the app: [Proxima Video Presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=831yjtsBgHM).

## Technical Details

### User Interface Design

Link to the [Mockup](https://design.penpot.app/#/view/68a1c0e6-b27c-807b-8004-4f1cc693ba89?page-id=76cd5706-e69f-8069-8004-1a1578d3f0c7&section=interactions&index=40&share-id=ee63301e-1fa7-81b1-8004-5bef8c6bb2fd) (view mode only).

Link to the [Wireframe](https://design.penpot.app/#/view/68a1c0e6-b27c-807b-8004-4f1cc693ba89?page-id=93d0ad32-dfe5-8194-8004-0171998eeabf&section=interactions&index=20&share-id=ee63301e-1fa7-81b1-8004-5bef2dc7d349) (view mode only).

Link to the [Penpot Project](https://design.penpot.app/#/workspace/43442e9d-d45f-8169-8004-017078780238/68a1c0e6-b27c-807b-8004-4f1cc693ba89).

### Project Architecture Diagram

> Here is the first architecture diagram of the application for MS1.

Reviewer: Small thing that we should maybe fix. x) I don't know how it went through for 2 milestones

```suggestion
Here is the architecture diagram of the application for MS4.
```
